and you are to the partidor the chest
crazy to the starting site the number 6
and they added the grand racetrack prize of
palermo cup province of buenos aires
will give birth to competitors deals with
make the lead quickly by the
inner side of the 13 in the track
sky on its outer side or high
marketing presents the fight to the pointer
further back serve the performance earlier by
the side of the track the 3 this plan the
that is gaining ground in search of
the avant-garde and the 4 card positions and the
competitors on the signaling torias
of 1,100 meters continues the light that
to the front between number 1 was
present sky small advantage over the 2
marketing is gaining ground
quickly the number is being the
number 8 all a little friend that goes in
look for the avant-garde positions the
competitors in the signal indicating
the 800 meters inside make some
spring decay with advantage over the number
of marketing that is the pointer up
it gains open ground the 8 all a
little friend on the side and tropical
transmit the anr is gaining ground
from the bottom and looking for the posts
vanguard in the number 6 of war and the
competitors for this now serial me
indicative of the 300 meters there is fight
the front all a little friend open
nomination 2 with small advantages
marketing thank you inside to tropical
tile 2 morris discounts the competitors
the last 100 meters of the race is going
towards the goal in the front
turned the number is all a little friend
more straight back straight the post marketing
50 final meters with spare parts
vanguard exact number of a friend
with the mount of Juan Ernesto hinge
rosemary of crossed the disc